What can be said directly?
Well, that's it. Do you want to go eat a full meal?
rouse, rouse,
If you really don’t agree, our investment plan this time,
The original purchase was successful and I used the funds to get me down.
Set up a big business and get the money to invest in the next item.
Well, this company is publishing the first half,
Do these two words have any silly meaning?
It's true, that's it, we can meet the goal,
That is to give more foreign investment, and to surpass foreign investment.
I always talk about going global
Irregularity comes from
You have such a red-hot plan
Old dragon, I must learn the truth
I'll leave first
Which one of your words is correct?
Can you have no influence
It's time to find someone gtz's location, forget it, what are you doing?
This location is very popular
Oh my god, it's still good. Oh my god.
Thinking about this position
Impossible to go
I'm a candidate
Ding Taiji Luan, Chairman, go while you can